describe kubeconfig for gke and eks (#988)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/external_clusters/eks/_index.en.md

![Update EKS Machine Deployment](/img/kubermatic/master/tutorials/external_clusters/update_eks_md.png "Update EKS Machine Deployment")

### Authenticating with EKS

The KKP platform allows getting kubeconfig file for the EKS cluster. The end-user must be aware that the kubeconfig expires
after some short period of time.
It's recommended to create your kubeconfig file with the AWS CLI.

#### Configure AWS credentials

The AWS CLI uses credentials and configuration settings located in multiple places, such as the system or user environment
variables, local AWS configuration files, or explicitly declared on the command line as a parameter.

The AWS CLI stores sensitive credential information that you specify with aws configure in a local file named credentials,
in a folder named `.aws` in your home directory. The less sensitive configuration options that you specify with aws configure
are stored in a local file named `config`, also stored in the `.aws` folder in your home directory.

Example:

`~/.aws/credentials`

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
aws_secret_access_key=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY
```

#### Create kubeconfig file

> Now you can create kubeconfig file automatically ussing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can create kubeconfig file using the following command:
```
